Do you think there is any concern from My Voice 2022 that is not addressed (e.g. clarity on GIA Star Awards & Recognition program)?
"What will attract/motivate you to continue working with SCB (e.g. benefit package / people / opportunity / culture, etc)? 
What are the positive aspects which should be sustained regarding the current flexible working arrangement that impacts your everyday work experience and collaboration with colleagues, new joiner onboarding program, etc? "

What should PLs do to continue sustaining trust and positively inspire the teams?

What works well and should be sustained with respect to your PLs empowering decision making, helping you to grow, as well as maintaining your mental well-being? 
What works well and what else can PLs do to help you achieve your aspirational career goal and avail your unique skills?
Do you have any difficulty sharing your feedback or concerns with your PL? What works well in promoting the team to openly express opinions and make decisions?

How do you feel about current audit processes in GIA TTO and tools (FICA, Scheduling)? Any suggestions for improvement?
Do you think you have the capacity to engage in learning activity during normal working days? What are the blockers/challenges for you for not being able to do so? 
What can be done to change this? What can be done to offer more on-the-job learning opportunities?
Do you feel auditor-days are adequately allocated and audit booking is proportional with the scope of work? 
Do you think the audit budget needs to be adjusted to better cater to the complexity of audit controls testing? 
Do you feel if Dynamic Auditing has improved the efficiency of audit delivery and communication among the teams and stakeholders? What more can be done to further aid the collaboration? 
Do you think standardization on visualization tool (i.e., Microsoft Planner) eases the audit process? 

Do you think the focus is on fixing the problems on hand when things go wrong? If not, what do you observe is the trend?
Do you feel constant pressure at work? Where are the pressure points coming from? 
Can you strike a balance between delivery of quality work and pressure on timeline, especially when there are multiple work assignments running concurrently? 
Do you think your current workload affects work life balance? Any suggestions for a better work model to manage the workloads?
Do you feel if there is any area/process which can be overly bureaucratic? What can we do to improve this?
Do you feel regular team engagements and bonding activities lead to better team inclusion? 
How do you suggest for GIA to formulate the initiatives given the flexible working arrangements? 
